Fix slot checks in light client p2p spec (#3086)
ethereum/consensus-specs: specs/altair/light-client/p2p-interface.md

This topic is used to propagate the latest `LightClientFinalityUpdate` to light clients, allowing them to keep track of the latest `finalized_header`.

The following validations MUST pass before forwarding the `finality_update` on the network.

> - _[IGNORE]_ The `finalized_header.slot` is greater than the `slot` of all previously forwarded finality updates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _[IGNORE]_ The `finalized_header.slot` is greater than the one of all previously forwarded `finality_update`
```
- Use "the one" to make it clear that it is referring to the same `slot` (there is also `attested_header.slot`)
- Use `finality_update` for consistency ("finality update" is not used so far as a term in the spec, just the variable name)

> - _[IGNORE]_ The `finalized_header.slot` is greater than the `slot` of all previously forwarded finality updates

Author: How about this?

```suggestion
- _[IGNORE]_ The `finalized_header.slot` is greater than that of all previously forwarded `finality_update`s
```

This topic is used to propagate the latest `LightClientOptimisticUpdate` to light clients, allowing them to keep track of the latest `optimistic_header`.

The following validations MUST pass before forwarding the `optimistic_update` on the network.

> - _[IGNORE]_ The `attested_header.slot` is greater than the `slot` of all previously forwarded optimistic updates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _[IGNORE]_ The `attested_header.slot` is greater than the one of all previously forwarded `optimistic_update`
```

> - _[IGNORE]_ The `attested_header.slot` is greater than the `slot` of all previously forwarded optimistic updates

Author: ```suggestion
- _[IGNORE]_ The `attested_header.slot` is greater than that of all previously forwarded `optimistic_update`s
```

Reviewer: Looks good :)

Author: thanks for the quick feedback :)
